We hope you will enjoy
the following ranking.
Please let us know your favorite
in the comments and make sure to subscribe
to never miss a good movie again.
Number 5.
Don't expect your family
to understand what you're doing.
You just don't et hope they'll accept it.
I'm so excited for you, man.
You're going to be a good dad.
And when you get home, you hope you
can pick up right where you left off.
Three, two, one.
All clear.
Target secure.
This is a personnel recovery.
Proceed to target, recover the package,
and move to extract.
Got it.
Target secure.
Man, I'm taking it home.
For all those who've been down range,
it's us and those like us.
Damn few.
I have positive control of the Raven.
We have enemy QRF
approaching from the north.
This thing is way bigger
than we thought it was.
We're going to need this at home.
Hey, boys, we got a roll.
Just for a minute.
The Silver Fort Sky.
Two layers to move on target Alpha.
All boots are on the ground.
Be safe.
How can you stop this?
I can't.
You live your life by a code.
It's your shoreline.
It's what guides you home.
And trust me,
you're always trying to get home.
Number
4. I
got a military age male on the cell
phone watching the convoy.
Over.
If you think he's reporting troop
movement, you have a green light.
Your call, over.
Maybe he's just calling his old lady.
He stepped off.
Hold on.
I got a woman and a kid 200 yards out,
moving towards the convoy.
Her arms aren't swinging.
She's carrying something.
Yeah, she's got a granate.
She's got an RKG Russian granate.
She's saying to the kid.
You say a woman and a kid?
You got eyes on this?
Can you confirm?
Negative.
Your call.
May fry you if you're wrong.
Number three.
Following is a state secret, gentlemen.
Disclose it to any party and you
will be subject to prosecution.
His name is John Mason,
British National Incarcerated
on Alcatraz in 1962, escaped in '63.
There's no identity in the
United States or Green Britain.
He does not exist.
Secrets have a way of coming
back to haunt you.
There's a hostage situation on Alcatraz.
How strange.
81 tourists.
The rocks are tourist attraction.
The one you train to defend you
becomes your greatest threat.
The battery of VX gas rockets is presently
deployed to deliver a highly lethal strike
on the population of the
San Francisco Bay Area.
And the one you abandon
becomes your only hope.
You go talk to him.
Me?
Yeah.
Hi, there.
I'm an agent with the FBI.
I'm Stanley Goodsby.
But of course, you are.
At least he got his name right.
Now, all that stands between
a city and a disaster.
The power of this chemical is way
beyond anything you can imagine.
That's why you're coming with us.
Is a man who's never seen combat...
You're a chemical freak.
I'm a chemical super freak, actually.
And another who's been out
of action for 30 years.
Show us some of the blueprints.
I can't.
My blueprint was in my head.
Fortunately, some things
you'll never forget.
But don't worry,
it'll all come back to me.
From Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer,
the producers of Top Gun and Crimson Tire,
and Michael Bay, the director of Bad Boys.
Welcome to the Rock.
We got visitors.
Sean Connery.
You sure you're ready for this?
I'll do my best.
Your best?
Losers always whine about their best.
Nicholas Cage.
Listen, I'm just a bio chemist.
I drive a Volvo.
Beige one.
What do you say you cut
me some freaking slack?
Ed Harris, fire. This summer,
get ready to rock.
Number 2.
Can I be honest with you?
I am bad news.
I'm not your friend.
I'm not going to help you.
I'm going to break you.
Any questions?
I want to make something absolutely clear.
If you thought there was some
working group coming to the rescue,
and I want you to know that you're wrong,
this is it.
There's nobody else hidden
away on some other floor.
There is just us.
And we are failing.
You really believe this story?
Osama bin laden?
Yeah.
What part convinced you?
Her confidence.
If you're right, the whole world
is going to win in on this.
You will never find him.
He is one of the disappeared
ones. number 1.
I'm a petty officer, Shane.
What can he say?
Can you say it?
Mr.
Patten, please.
Come on.
Been around the world twice.
Talked to everyone once.
There ain't nothing I can't do.
No sky too high, no sea too rough.
I learned a lot of lessons in my life.
Never shoot a large caliber man
with a small caliber bullet.